Add location class functions to location documentation section (#2560)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/reference/location.rst

   :toctree: generated/

   location.lookup_altitude

> A :py:class:`~pvlib.location.Location` object may be created from the
> metadata returned by some file types.
> 
> .. autosummary::
>    :toctree: generated/
> 
>    location.Location.from_tmy
>    location.Location.from_epw
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Classes
-------
.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/
   
   location.Location
A :py:class:`~pvlib.location.Location` object may be created from the
metadata returned by these file types:
.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/
   location.Location.from_tmy
   location.Location.from_epw
Methods for calculating time series of certain variables for a given
location are available through this class.

```

> Methods for calculating time series of certain variables for a given
> location.
> 
> .. autosummary::
>    :toctree: generated/
> 
>    location.Location.get_airmass
>    location.Location.get_solarposition
>    location.Location.get_sun_rise_set_transit
>    location.Location.get_clearsky

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
